Add fullScreen mode to Modal (#2)
vtex-apps/modal-layout: docs/README.md

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `title` | `string`| The title of the modal | `undefined` |
| `showCloseButton`| `ResponsiveValue<boolean> | boolean`| If it should show the close button | `true` |
| `backdrop`| `ResponsiveValue<BackdropMode> | BackdropMode` | How the backdrop should be rendered | `'clickable'` |
| `titleTag` | `TitleTag` | Which tag the title element should render | `'h3'` |
| `fullScreen` | `ResponsiveValue<boolean> | boolean` | If the modal should be in full screen | `false` |

> You can know more about `ResponsiveValue` in the documentation of [responsive-values](https://github.com/vtex-apps/responsive-values).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about `ResponsiveValue` in the documentation of [responsive-values](https://github.com/vtex-apps/responsive-values).
```

> You can learn more about `ResponsiveValue` in the documentation of [responsive-values](https://github.com/vtex-apps/responsive-values).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can learn more about `ResponsiveValue` in the documentation of [responsive-values](https://vtex.io/docs/app/vtex.responsive-values).
```
